hi guys so
today i thought i'd do a little study
materials haul
actually when i say little it could be
quite big because the box of study
materials i've got here
is pretty big um basically to catch any
of you up
i'm paige and i am studying to become a
fellow of the institute and faculty of
actuaries
i'm taking my first set of exams with
the institute and faculty of actuaries
next
april so i am starting my studying for
those exams
now and this is literally the first set
of study materials i have ever ordered
for actuarial exams
i have not sat actuarial exams before
i'm fresh out of uni
these study materials all come from act
head which is a company which supply all
the study materials
for the institute and faculty of
actuaries exams my company
is paying for all of this luckily
because it's so expensive let me tell
you
the kind of studying i'm doing going
forward is a little bit different to
university
i'm not going to have lectures anymore
i'm not going to have supervisions
anymore
primarily it's going to be me teaching
myself and working out of a textbook and
doing practice questions
there are tutorials that i can sign up
for but we'll explain those another day
but yeah these study materials are
hopefully gonna get me through my exams
okay let's open these study materials up
i ordered the recommended study
materials i have no idea what to expect
what they're going to look like i
believe this should be
course notes and practice exam questions
this is a delivery note i believe thank
you for ordering from acted
that's all right actor i'm claiming this
all back from my company in a few days
anyway
here we have it
oh wow look at these
some lever arch files the actuarial
education
company not a design i would have picked
out myself but
very useful to be supplied with folders
because we all know i love a good filing
system and i have two of those i think
ah okay i feel a bit better now because
within this massive box
there was hiding a little box and this
looks like a much more reasonable size
for a set of study notes
this is a delivery note telling me that
within
this box i should have the cs1
combined materials pack and
cs1 series x solutions
is that what i ordered no i thought i
ordered the
a set okay so
this is the ces one combined materials
pack
how exciting does this look acted study
materials 2021 examination
subject cs1 within this i get a study
guide course notes and series x
assignments and i think i should have
access to
an ebook form of this as well but the
reason i got paper notes
is because i stare at a screen all day
every day with my work at the moment and
it takes a toll i won't lie
because even when i'm in meetings i have
to talk to people through a screen
because i'm working remotely and to be
honest i think i'd quite like to take a
break from staring at a screen
on study days so if i have paper
versions
of all my study materials i can just
work with that my exams
are online so i am going to have to
practice using a screen eventually
but for now we're gonna stick to the
paper
so the other thing in this box is series
x solutions and series x is just a set
of assignments that are included in this
bulky thing
so basically i have something to use to
mark my work which is
helpful because i never had that at
university and it was a nightmare so
that is everything that i have received
i am a bit worried about where those
worked exam solutions are that i ordered
i'm a bit confused as to why they're not
here oh
i have just remembered that they said
they won't be available
until a few months time or something and
i completely forgot they said that
it's too much to keep track of all of
these things i'm going to open one of
these up and take a peek at what these
course notes look like
it is a thick stack of paper i have to
say
i'm just going to flick to a page in the
middle chapter 11
correlation so inside these notes it
literally looks like a textbook
and there's a lot of information crammed
in here
it's not like they've used extra large
text it's
a massive long textbook this is the size
of it
for one module which i should be able to
learn in about 10 days
and i'm slightly worried by that because
this is not a small textbook this is
this is chunky
i am going to put these into
the liver arch files hello
come look at all this this is for one
module
i know look it's massive it's like look
how dense it is as well
i have this but what i found is i didn't
read half of the
stuff they gave me i mean i just read
the revision notes it's just too much
something i think
this is what they did for accountancy
they gave you these huge thick stuff and
it
you just you know you didn't really get
it through it all have you learned it
all yeah
yeah yeah
my enthusiasm is um yeah
okay so i have now filled my liver arch
files
like so that's kind of it my study
materials
have arrived the first set at least i'm
going to order some more in a few months
time but for now
we have some study materials to get
started so the actuarial education
company is acted
on behalf of the institute and faculty
of actuaries it said there that's the
ifoa who i'm doing the exams with
and yeah acted you're welcome for the
free promo
i hope you've enjoyed the video give it
a thumbs up
subscribe to watch me take on this
professional qualification
follow my instagram as well i post on
there quite regularly
and thank you for watching guys see you
soon with another video
[Music]
bye
you